alright so watch dogs is right around
the corner and this is a game that I've
been waiting for for like two years so
yeah I definitely plan on getting it and
i'll probably make a couple videos too
but on the sad note i'm not going to be
able to play it until like one stay or
thursday because i'm sorry but i saw the
screenshots for how it's gonna look on
the xbox one and i'm just not impressed
at all and knowing that it's only gonna
run at 30 frames per second was kind of
a deal breaker for me plus it's just
enough skills 792 p i think it was what
a weird number anyway 792 p which to be
honest it's really not as bad as you
think i can probably deal that i love
ghost and that was just 720p upscaled
but like i said the deal breaker is
definitely with 30 frames per second i
want 60 at least that just makes me
think how are these next-gen consoles
not even able to play these current
games at a decent framerate I mean even
a budget PC gamer can play these games
on better quality when I think of the
words next-gen I'm thinking it's going
to be at least 1080p right at 60 frames
per second minimum but no I'm looking at
720p on some of these games and I can't
speak for every game but some of them
even still give me frame drops so yeah
I'm gonna be honest I'm not exactly
happy with the xbox one right now and I
know it's supposedly going to get better
when developers learn how to maximize
the consoles potential but how long is
that going to take and exactly how much
better would be once they do that I
really don't know and I'm trying to
figure out why can't these games play at
a better frame rate and at a good
resolution and the only thing I can
think of is that both of these new
consoles decided to do away with the
loss leader business plan now free guys
don't know exactly what that is i'll
give you a little quick low rundown on
how this works so for all the previous
councils microsoft and sony would both
sell their console for cheaper price
then how much it actually cost me the
building so they actually lost money on
every console they sold usually a little
bit over a hundred bucks or something
then they'd make all that money back on
the game sales and publishing rights and
of course things like the xbox live
subscriptions which by the way did you
know that there
over 48 million Xbox Live subscribers
right now yeah that's a lot of money but
anyways so instead of giving us better
components like they usually do they
just kind of skimped on a couple things
more notably the GPU the graphics card
now the GP that they chose for these
next-gen consoles are kind of on the low
end of graphics cards you can buy a
better card for your pc for like 100
bucks so I guess what I'm saying is I
wish he kept with the loss leader thing
and they just included a better GPU in
the console and that would have made it
so much better we'd be playing all of
our games at 1080p with better frame
rates and better graphics but instead
they took the cheaper route so that's
why I'm just not really impressed with
what I'm seeing these consoles could
have been so great but I think they both
dropped the ball for a little bit of
extra money so considering all this
here's what i did i went ahead and i
bought some pc components to upgrade my
old computer actually I bought a pretty
nice graphics card I mean it needed it
anyway is it I think it had like a GTS
450 in it that that's pretty low-end
that's really low end actually so I got
a sapphire radeon r9 290 for gigabyte
gddr5 tri-x overclocked graphics card
which I gotta be honest it's pretty
badass if I want to do 4k gaming if I
ever got a 4k monitor at least I'd be
able to and I'd be able to do it at
Ultra settings it's four hundred and
forty-seven dollars right now on amazon
but yesterday was on sale it was like
320 bucks or something so yeah I saw
that it was really great deal so why not
yeah I'll try it out now I don't know if
this means i'm going to switch over to
becoming like a pc gamer from now on but
i'm definitely gonna at least try it out
at least just for watchdogs and hey if I
like it who knows i might just switch
over completely I'll become one of those
master race pc guys I don't know why but
I hate that term it makes it sound like
they think there are step up above
everybody else know what I mean but I
mean in all actuality they probably are
they have better graphics and better
frame rates you know like they have
better quality gaming but you guys know
me I'm just regular dude I'm I'm just
one of you guys but I do have to say i
will probably still play
duty on the Xbox one just because pc
gamers don't get the same level of
support that the xbox gets but yeah
anyways that's what's going on in my
life right now hopefully I'll have watch
dogs out the run and maybe wednesday or
thursday whenever the parts come in
which i can't wait for them to come in
because my pc right now sucks i tried to
upload a couple videos for you guys in
the past couple weeks and my laptop
crashed and my pc keeps crashing
whenever i'm trying to render or record
a video or something so yeah I wasn't
really uploading very often but now it
should be a lot better and hopefully you
guys are going to see a lot better
quality in my videos too well guys I
guess that's it for this video before I
go don't forget to leave a rating and
definitely let me know if you want me to
upload some watch dogs gameplay' i'll
see you next time peace
you